I'm going out!
Ah! Do you want to eat ChiChiKo*?
(*a famous Korean cake)
Enjoy your day, you don't need to bring back anything.
Alright, I'm off!
So irritated!
If I didn't bear it, I would beat you up today.
Who can work for you for free?
Well, let's become a volunteer!
Oh my God!
Don't you have a less scary way to show up?
I was afraid that you'd be startled, so I moved slowly from behind.
So good!
Hey?
What is it now?
Wait for me to come in with!
This is your house, so just come in!
"Doing nothing is doing ill", huh?
He must have been troubled by my brother a lot!
He's not here, so I have to do it quickly!
We've been together for a long time,
I don't believe that he can resist my charm.
Thach, sweetie!
Huh?
Sis. Linh?
Why are you here?
I'm the one who should have asked that question!
What's your purpose when dressing like that in Thach's room?
Thach and I just get angry with each other..
Is it wrong when I come into my lover's room to make up?
Aren't you ashamed to say it?
Don't be impudent to the adult!
It was you who left Thach when finding out he was blind.
But not too long, you ran out of money and came back here.
It was he who broke up with me first!
You really love him?
He says you go, and you do immediately?
So why don't you leave here forever?
What did you come back here for?
How about you?
Don't think I don't know your feelings for him?
You always act like naive, cute, innocent,
but your real personality is a nine-tailed fox.
Brother and younger sister? That's disgusting!
About you? You're adulterous, promiscuous, flirtatious!
Do you have any proof that I had affairs but say like that?
The fried chicken shop owner, milk tea staff, restaurant chef.
Do you want me to list anymore?
How could you know? You were in the US?
If I want, I can just know.
Did you hire someone to follow me?
Just think whatever you want!
And now, get out of here!
Hell no!
Nu!
Ms. Linh beat me up!
It hurts so bad!
I've finished my work, so I'm leaving?
Uh! Just go your home!
Go back home!
You know who I am?
Yes, I know!
Just come back home!
No problem!
I go home just to sleep!
Thach!
Don't you have anything to talk to me?
I can't hold back myself!
I hate the feeling of being cheated.
Phuc!
Say something to me!
It's your affair, so I don't know what to say.
I wasn't in your situation! Now, what can I say?
I don't want you to see that scene.
You just act like I'm a girl!
I'm a man! A real man!
Uhm!
I know that you're a man!
It's late, so let's come inside! It's hot here!
I...
I got it! I have no thoughts!
I'll try to restrain myself.
Yes.
Where did he put his credit cards?
What's it?
Test results.... Infertility?
Why are you so stubborn?
What are you doing here?
No... nothing!
What are you holding in your hands?
It's nothing!
Give it to me!
What have you read?
I haven't read anything yet.
Get out of here!
So what happened, brother?
It's nothing!
Let's go out, dear!
Where did you find this machine?
Because I knew you like it, I ordered it online.
Though it's not like the kind we used to hear as children!
But it's so nostalgic!
Phuc! Someone's calling you!
Yep!
I'm drying clothes, so pick up the phone for me!
What's up, dear? How are you and the guy with the cute scar?
Hello!
Oops... You're not Phuc?
Uhm!
He's busy, so he asked me to pick this up.
Ah! Phuc is here!
Hello! It's me!
Heyyy... Who did you let answer my call?
I know Phuc is a ga...
Any thing, it's not my business.
I'm focusing on listening to the radio!
Uhm.. Or let me...
Do you drink wine?
It's daytime now, dear!
Tonight,
listen to music, enjoy wine,
and dance!
Nu!
What?
Does your wound still hurt?
Yah! I'm okay!
Later, don't talk to her anymore!
Uhm!
Fortunately, there was Mr. Duy that day. Otherwise, I don't know what she would do to me!
If later there's something wrong happen, just tell me.
I'm always ready to help you.
Really?
Then l won't mind if I do.
Let's arrange the books back for me!
Novels with novels!
Put sci-fi books on the 2nd row, from the left to the right according to ABC alphabet.
Politics and law books are in the bottom row.
Thick books are put in the right corner.
Arrange it beautifully! Don't let them get mixed up!
How about criminal psychology, religion, and spirituality?
Do I even have those books?
Here! Look at them!
Do you think I can see?
Why do you keep thinking I'm a normal guy?
I always think you're normal!
Thach!
Have you ever imagined how I look like in your eyes?
Am I very small in your eyes?
Of course, how can you be any big!
Just arrange those books!
Ah!
The clothes yesterday, just re-wash them for me.
Why?
It's not fragrant enough!
You're so nasty!
Here,  it's dried!
It's not fragrant enough!
Serve you right!
Do you need to take medicine?
I got sick myself, I'll get over it on my own!
You act like you're a weed! Self-birth and Self-destroy?
Hey! What you said is wrong!
The grass dies due to being uprooted and sprayed.
I can't breathe!
What's wrong with you?
Eh! Don't joke like that!
I'm shortness of breath!
What's wrong?
Let me call an ambulance right away!
I'm about to stop breathing!
Thach!
Give me...
artificial respiration!
I can't wait for the ambulance to come!
I'm about to stop breathing! I'm dead!
Why is he so reckless today?
God... I'm so embarrassed.
How can I destroy this embarrassment?
Alo?
Mr. Thach, right?
I'm here.
Tonight, I'll try to be back early. Can we have dinner together?
Uhm!
Don't mind it!
Can you make spaghetti for me?
Uhm! I got it!
I have to go! Bye!
Phuc!
Cut the tomatoes and mince the meat, I need to cook later.
Now it's your turn to get dyspnea?
What did you say?